Remove the hashable extension for `CLLocationCoordinate2D` (#4109)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

### Other changes

* When launching the application, any stray files left over from old canceled offline tile downloads are cleaned up automatically to save storage space. ([#4085](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4085))

> * Removed the hashable extension for `CLLocationCoordinate2D` in `MapboxCoreNavigation` to fix the compiling issue. ([#4109](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4109))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the `Hashable`-conforming extension for `CLLocationCoordinate2D` in `MapboxCoreNavigation` to fix a compiler error in applications that define their own `Hashable` conformance for this type. ([#4109](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4109))
```
